BEFORE READING, KEEP IN MIND THAT FORMS HAVE ALL THE PREVIOUS FORMS ABILITIES TOO, THIS WORKS LIKE IF U TRIGGER A FORM, ITS ANCESTOR FORMS ATTACKS WILL ALSO BE CURRENT AND CAN BE USED BY THE TRANSFORMED PERSON.
(for example:
wind form: blasts and stuff
awakened wind form: blasts and stuff + awakened wind form abilities
)




John Doe: Corruption

Builderman: the ability to make something out of thin air and ban hammer (CANNOT DESTROY IT) that can do good knockbacks BUT doesnt ban (since that would be TOO POWERFUL)

Catlover: ability to control the outcome of the future slightly (healing someone, damaging someone, creating something for advantages, store) but the stronger the villian or ally, the weaker the help or damage will be. also can forcibly create a shortcut and is the reason why the squad can travel experiences/places/games. The chosen wind user. Fun fact: all selected wind users have the magenta "〽️" symbol right beneath one of their eyes, behind their skin, usually their vein shape.

Noob: Posseses the classical tools. (trowel, slingshot, sword, timebomb, rocket launcher, superball, NOT PAINTBALL CUZ ITS LITERALLY USELESS) and has complete mastery over them.

1x1x1x1: as a prototype of Shedletsky, it can imbue itself slightly with the Powers of the SFOTH swords.

Shedletsky: the one who created the swords. one for the first roblox employees, its a part of the core of roblox. can use the sfoth swords.

INC0MU: probably one of the strongest in the team, very powerful, basically.

Guest: since in the earlier days of roblox, guests has been used for easy exploiting and prevents bans, guest is pretty much inevitable in some cases and is skilled at close combat alongside has experience at swords.

Vesperia: the very first manipulator ever born in the experiment universe. Vesperia can manipulate minds not strongly not weak and most importantly, temporarily. skilled on close combat and can summonings later on the trainings.

Qusa/Kusa: wields the ability to turn memory into strength or an attack in exchange of forgetting those. the ability uses inverse on itself, so if you were to use a bad memory of yours to attack an enemy or someone else whos not your ally, it heals instead of damages but if  you were to use a bad memory of yours to attack your allies or yourself, you would get hurt by your normal strength + your bad memory's strength. Think of it as a permanent binding vow and of course we cant forget the past accidents used on bullies but after joining the squad, he is taught to control the ability/curse for the beginning.

Not Corrupted Onyxia: ordinary creature with 50% more power than a normal human.







Crowned Onyxia/Emperor Onyxia

Minions: self explanatory

Hate Transferation:

Arena Summoning: can make an arena

Teleport: self explanatory but can only teleport to the places he has gone before.






Void Onyxia: deltarune titan head lookin ahh guy can summon stuff. not only minions, now objects. and that body? now thats gone, its very dark thick fog with White shining light at the center. its weak spot is its eye, which is the shining light tho it is almost impossible to get near him as MINIONS. can teleport anywhere.

The Void Block and its Structure: the Void Block hold the universe together alongside with the Anti-Void Block. absorbing it gives intense power. the Structure is basically the meaning of "Reach me if you are worthy enough." only those who have very much power (like onyxia and the squad late-series)

The Anti-Void Block and its Structure: same as Void Block but its a bit more difficult to find compared to the Void Block' Structure. Anti-Void Block decreases power but raises knowledge. however if both blocks are absorbed then the person which absorbed both break their limits, like infinite adrealine but u dont die seconds after.

Akira: the power to control natural disasters at the cost of weakness. setting the natural disaster multiplier takes down strength as long as the multiplier goes. making natural disasters happen comes with a 1 minute weakness for each disaster.

Rika: a body being controlled by 3 people with the good strength multiplier of 3. every progress made is multiplied too, as long as the other humans that are possessed with the same body learn it too. the person in control can switch to the other 2 people. the people that arent in control can still view and tell whats smarter to do (like block or counter). this is and interesting character imo and yes, the name is from jjk

Pala (my precious friend): very high skill with guns aswell with imbuing them with his own strength (making the bullet more powerful). he possesses every gun in the World. and he is a real person (Pala isnt a real name tho) and he is my friend :D

Steve (NOT MINECRAFT STEVE): a real programmer friend of mine which knows lua and python i think? anyway this friend has the ability to change the code of weapons and objects. cant make overpowered codes or he will be punished with immense pain. thats why Steve doesnt abuse scripting.

Jade: a guy who speaks silence. kinda an advantage guy






this will be a fun one :)


Catlover (Element User: Wind): he feels vibrated left and right, with line patterns. he doesnt and does feel like himself, thus he feels less damage, like a puppet. calm mixed with fury, or fury mixed with calm? you cant know, you never will know. with Cats and Dogs raining from the sky, dead, a godlike ascension, a saint-like behaviour, wrestled with a godlike power...

Speed: 10 times the normal run speed as walking (can be customized by the user)

Strength: 3 times than normal strength of Catlover, can be more powerful with more Speed used.

THE POWER-UP IS TEMPORARY.

i heavily glazed myself

LOOKS

Catlover turns to a wind-made person, transparent.

ABILITIES

Collidation: The user can make themselves uncollidable right before the opponent's attack landing. if done correcly, the user will maintain uncollidable for 1 second and Collidation can be used after 1 second upon success. if not done correctly, Collidation ability cant be used for 10 seconds. 

Wind Blast: the user will charge a wind circle. charging it takes wind and air. the smaller, the stronger, the bigger, the weaker. that means if Catlover makes a wind blast the size of a planet, it will just be extra wind for everyone on that side of the planet. the overpowered thing is, Catlover can make MULTIPLE wind blasts, even in air. that means Catlover can make a barrage of small wind blasts on air and then launch them but cant make multiple massive wind blasts. 

Air Force: The air around the user thickens based on range, meaning the opponent cant hit the user. lasts 5 seconds.

Wind Direction: the user makes a direction out of air. no matter the length. the person thats moving towards it will go to the direction that the ability is facing. the face of the direction can be changed. think of it as walking to the direction where walls are facing.

Air Absorption: absorbs air, thus making the people in the range a little tired.

Air Store (App Store ahh name): Storing air inside the user's lungs. infinite amount of storage. and obviously Catlover can throw it all out to outsides. the more the air, the more the force. can be used with abilities that take air and wind around them.

Wind Force Multiplier: if the opponent is very weakened, Catlover can use Wind Force Multiplier to stop the opponent's body from moving and wind eventually crushes the opponent. Of course the user can stop the opponent from dying and ask some questions. Catlover can telekinesis on the opponent that Wind Force Multiplier has been used.

Clear Out: Catlover aims his hand to the opponent while charging a wind blast. when it is fully charged, Catlover can blast a line of wind that rips off the affected part (like if a hand is hit by Clear Out, it will disconnect from the victim and hand will take insane knockback.)

Wind Creativity: Catlover uses his creativity to shape wind into an object or weapons with THEIR ABILITY TOO!!! but it decreases energy the more time its used AND the already manifested objects can be changed to other objects (example: sword to gun with the same wind, transfiguration)

WIND CREATIVITY RECOMMENDED COMBO: normal punches then knockback then use creativity: rope to bring them back and use creativity: katana and slice them countless times and finally use "Wind Boost: Strength X!" and imbue the katana with fire and then slice every single body parts and let fire finish the job.

"Ryoiki Tenkai (Domain Expansion): Anemosyne": Domain Expansion developed by Catlover itself. it creates a + sign with the arms veins facing the user. the expansion takes a bit time but the domain is overpowered. The domain's guaranteed hit is that the user can control the wind entirely inside the domain.

Wind Slice ("Yeah, this can work out", Catlover said to a giant rock): grabs something to cut that to the shape of uhhh anything! like imagine a mountain next to Catlover. Catlover slices the mountain's piece (what i mean by the mountain's piece is like as large as a bigfoot's foot or hand, i dunno if it has arms) to a gun and slices the mountains's piece AGAIN to make bullets for the gun and activates the American Mode. that was an example and Wind Slice is an alternative to Wind Creativity.

Hunt Like A Speedy Predator: when there is plenty of opponents, Catlover can activate hunt mode that boosts speed and damage and in return, the hunted opponent gains a little speed too but their mind overthinks and decides running and do nothing is the best option and Catlover will have both arms extending to grab the opponent and kill them and rip them apart, almost as if Catlover is hungry. Catlover can then eat the victim (yes, EAT LIKE A PREDATOR TOO) to replenish energy, get him full (1/6 per person) and recover. a victim is randomly selected so when a victim dies, another opponent is chosen as a victim.

Last Resort From Me: Catlover thinks he is useless and wrong everytime he does something so as a last hope from him, he thicks his own body into a ball and forms a barrier (a big radius, like 50 studs) to trap everyone inside it. then another wind barrier is formed around the catlover ball and then another wind barrier forms just inside the longest wind barrier and loop it till its complete being a inside-full ball. when the inside-full ball fully forms, wind crushes and later takes the corpse alongside with the ball (taking Catlover with him) once it decides to explode, damaging a whole city on impact. But there is a very small chance for the detonation to drop a small version of very small Catlover stuffed inside a half-transparent ball. Those who consume it transform into Catlover, Reincarnating Catlover. ("I just dont know whats right or wrong anymore", "i just want to end this eternal fight and make hopes eternal.", "Goodbye,", "World.")

The Red Sun: the sky gets buried in darkness and the only light source is a red sun. The Red Sun gives x5 speed and x5 strength. ONLY USABLE IN DOMAIN EXPANSIONS, THAT INCLUDES OTHERS DOMAIN EXPANSION.




TIME TO GO ALL-OUT ON THIS ONE!



Catlover (Wind Mastery): doesnt feel pain 90%

Strength: x5 normal wind form

Speed: x10 normal wind form but customizable

CAN BE USABLE WHENEVER CATLOVER GOES CRAZY, VERY-LATE SERIES

WHEN CAN IT BE UNLOCKED:

fully understanding wind and airbending.

ABILITIES:

Blood Spew: heavily punches his torso thus spewing blood out of his mouth and then traps the blood in a ball of very stabilized and strong wind. Catlover's blood is poisonous so Catlover can throw the stabilized and strong ball of wind (almost like glass) that is full of his blood to the opponent or just forcefully open the opponent's mouth to send the wind ball full of Catlover's blood to poison the opponent's heart and blood, thus killing them.

Box Trap: traps the user and the opponent into a giant box of uncollidable, very strong wind. Catlover can then just toy with the opponent till he decides to brutally kill the opponent.

Detaching Force O' Wind: traps the opponent in an uncollidable wind and then Catlover can decide to detach one of the opponent's limbs or head.

Size Control: uses the wind that is stored in Catlover to make himself giant.

Slicing Meteor: Catlover shapes a lot of small wind blasts together to show a very big wind meteor while its only a lot of small wind blasts. if done, Catlover can just control where the very big wind meteor goes.

AoE, Wind: creates an only-visible ground size-customizable AoE and can control where to AoE goes. in the AoE, Catlover can create wind itself from the ground, take wind from AoE so the opponent drowns in no-air and the rest of it is just Box Trap.

Limb Reshaping: can reshape his limbs for help, i wonder what that reminds me of... IDLE TRANSFIGURATION.





one more for the transformation, i forgot to tell. if the weather is cold, the wind becomes cold too, right? almost like invisible ICE.





Catlover (Ice)

i never thought id make this but...

Speed: is set by the weight

Strength: set by the force

Domain Break (NOT ABILITY): can break weak domain expansions or AoE's

YOU THOUGHT THIS WASNT A GOOD BUFF? HAH, THINK AGAIN

ABILITIES


Ice Creation: creates ice out of THIN AIR, no matter its size or thickness, it always takes little energy BUT the size has a limit. this can either be used for combat or just building legos.

Deconstruction & Reconstruction: can turn ice into water and also turn water into ice. 

Water Telekinesis: this is considered both ability and passive but Catlover in Ice form can use telekinesis on ice and water.

Cyco Core: stores kinetic energy for later use or direct counter, cool in my opinion

Ice Mountain Maze (maze go brr): using his energy, Catlover can mix heavy amounts of wind with cold to make an iceberg that has a maze inside. the opponent is FORCED to get in the maze as they will just get teleported to the start/middle of the 4-sided maze. this gives Catlover an advantage to either heal or build a frozen surprise for the enemy when they get out.

Freezing Trap: Catlover can mix heavy amounts of wind with cold to also make a coffin!!! DEADLY. when someone enters the freezing coffin, the coffin gets closed by itself and overtime, the coffin will get more narrow to the point of being part of the freezing coffin while suffering.


Every year in August 21th, wind strucks more. it was believed that once a wind user appeared so wreak havoc in humanity. in the said day, the wind outmatches the feelings and thus flings them out as long as that amount of wind is there. in the said day, the user gets immense abilities, outmatching those who is more powerful than them (is believed). in the said day, in United States California and cities around it was destroyed. no one knows what is the Wind User's power during that day. 10 years later (2015), Catlover was born. the magic users from the earth that saw the Wind User's destructive power confirmed that Catlover had that same presence. in 2023, Catlover experienced airbending feelings. here comes August 21 2025. The day that is in the fight between Hallow and Catlover, Guinea, Noob (Cracked Anger form that got triggered somehow), Vesperia (Fury form that also got triggered somehow) and when Catlover triggers the mastered wind form for the second time, out of nowhere the wind starts to multiply, even Catlover doesnt know why but takes advantage of it anyway. But Catlover seems to still be sane unlike the previous wind user.


Catlover (Outrageous Wind Form)

Speed: x2 more output than the mastered wind form (x10 normal wind form)

Strength: -50 to 237 (Hallow needs to take 10000 Wind Mastery punches to get down)

(bro has seen a lot in the past 2 years i feel bad)

Passive: he can use fire, blood of either his own or from the people he has killed, water manipulating AND wind in this form due to his trainings from the past.


ABILITIES

Fire, Blood Manifested Wind Giant (doesnt take blood, just copies it): creates a giant wind bubble and multiplies his poisonous blood to insert it inside the wind bubble. then Catlover sets the wind bubble on fire (1000+ Fire's Breath contained inside Catlover) while hardening he wind a LOT.

Clone Output ("Meteor Tiny, Blast Biggie"): Sends out not only a clone of himself countless of times but as a nerf, divides his strength too.

Martial Switch Of Use: switches the use of martial arts/psychial punches that guarntees hit if can also hit the enemy while using normal version/use of martial arts. think of it like if it happens on an alternative universe (lands and hits basically) then it happens on the current universe. Cant be overpowered since that would be too comfortable and easy.

Maximum Loads (i geniunely spelled "Loads" accidentally when just typing random letters): spams a certain ability, thats all… OH AND ALSO THIS IS DIFFERENT THAN "MAXIMUM VERSION!" SINCE MAXIMUM VERSION USES OUTPUT ON A SINGLE ATTACK UNLIKE THIS ABILITY WHICH JUST SPAMS AN ABILITY!!!!!!


MAXIMUM VERSION!: sends maximum output of an attack that is used after 0.25 second on use of "MAXIMUM VERSION!". think of it as black flash but its timing of using instead of landing.

Recontinent: a very buffed version of wind creativity that it can build cities and can make them last forever and break like their own materials. this time, wind doesnt obey entirely on Catlover. it instead obeys to physics too.




Vesperia (Fury): without the calm, without holding back, with the agony of fury, he is the unstoppable one in his divine amount of anger. seeing his cat die, his lifelong best friend, he cant keep it all anymore.

Strength: 10x more

Speed: 10x more

Durablity: 5x more

Looks: red line fog coming from body, no face, dark.

PASSIVE

Hate cant absorb in this form.

(and no i am NOT making it op. Vesperia is already furious from the beginning, he just keeps it in.)

ABILITIES


Growth Of Fury: makes himself more furious but as the fury weakens, the growth weakens too to the point that he cant even grow his fury anymore.

Circle Shield: creates a dangerous circle around him.

Heavy Slam: slams himself heavily to the opponent. this can be used 1 second after the slam is done, making a rapid slam. this takes anger out of course.

Punch Rapid Combo: he charges a heavy punch for one second. if the opponent gets hit, their brain slows down for 2 seconds and heavy damage of 700 (to put into perspective, Emperor has 14000), making it a perfect time to execute another heavy punch. the nerf to the character is that everytime the opponent gets hit, their brains act faster overtime. making it almost like rapid black flash.

Agony Of Absolute Fury (PLACEHOLDER NAME): a domain expansion that shows who the opponent killed, but in a stronger version. that includes Catlover's cat. its guaranteed-hit effect is the illusions beat-up, alongside the user himself. the inside looks like dark red everywhere until the user lays The Red Sun.

Agony Of Absolute Fury (INFINITE RANGE): same of Agony Of Absolute Fury but instead there isnt any limits on the domain expansion, thus everyone in the universe can be affected in the domain if the user wants to. The Red Sun covers the entire universe in fog and red now.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Noob (Cracked Anger)

Strength: 20x more (since material is HEAVY)

Speed: 1.5x slower than normal speed

ABILITIES

Magma Floor (The floor is lava!): crack the floor with lava beneath it. "How about we CRACK things up a bit?"

Hot Blows: lava combo, floor magma and hands

Hot Breakfast: feeding the floor crack with a medium-sized lava projectile

Lava Body (CRACKED ANGER POWER-UP NO. 2): Transformation into a more hot individual.

Strength: 20x less (meaning normal strength as normal Noob)

Speed: 2x more

TACTIC

dont feed power-ups on mostly strength, feed it equally to other advantages.

PASSIVE

Noob in this form cannot erase from hot.

ABILITIES

Lava Bath: lava covering everything on the floor thus can end 2 whole cities and make deep hole into the earth. as nerf this takes a LOT of energy. this makes noob a special grade i think.

Hot Anger Giant: spawns a very giant minion of lava

Red Giant Barrage: small Red Giant Sun's barrage with only 20 degrees each Red Giant (THIS ISNT "The Red Sun".

Lava Rain: self explanatory.

Teleportation: first teleporter ability ever. it feels too overpowered but its against Emperor Onyxia AND Onyxia The Void

Lava, Just Lava: Finisher move that beats his anger from the opponent, taking all of his anger out and thus almost killing Emperor Onyxia. ONYXIA CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THE PLOT

"Domain Expansion: Lava Samurai Locate": a Domain Expansion of Noob. the sure-hit effect is the lickering lava that come from below. everyone in the domain gets hit by those atleast once per domain, random time. another boost is that the lava can be controlled by the user.

DOMAIN LOOKS: a rising and lowering lava flood with hot mountains to climb upon, better than not being burnt alive with the sky being dark and there being floating lava that take the shape of that one shape in Yuta Okkotsu's domain (was it a knot or something?) and lava dropping from that.



Pala ("Gunner")

Melee Combat Strength: 25x

Speed: x5 (can be controllable)

Gun Mastery Strength: x5


ABILITIES


Gun Mixture & Gun Manipulate: mixes guns modifications or manipulate them at the cost of their strength drained.

Ray-Gun Blast: summons a size-customizable ray gun mid-air. if launched, it will either erase or "almost-in-ashes" the enemy. the bigger the ray gun, the more energy it takes. can be used multiple times at once.

Gun Melee: self explanatory.

Deadly Resonance: makes a bullet forever-inside-the-opponent version. if hit an opponent, the bullet will stay inside the opponent. then, Pala can detonate the bullet with insane damage but at incredibly small range.

Insanity Thought: Pala shoots at his own head thus disabling his body for a short amount of time (30 seconds). the opponent can just think hes dead, but he actually did it to get stronger and to sneak up a giant ray gun or drag the enemy after slamming the opponent's head to the ground for a long time. "See you on the other side" before shooting at himself, "Of course after a long time, idiot." when he sneaks up. The more the opponent figures out and attacks the disabled body, the more Pala will get stronger.

Double The Fun!: he creates another gun for his other arm. think of a guy with two ray guns in his hands blasting you. this of course can be ANY gun. no matter if it isnt real. boosts gun melee too.

Grab: can grab the opponent's head and just do something like ray gunning the heck outta the opponent's head.


Vesperia (Embodiment Of Perfection):

Strength: 218x MAX (lets say a normal person's strength is 12)

Speed: 345 MAX (lets say a normal person's speed is 16)

Durability: 50x normal vesperia durability

ABILITIES

Blitz: Goes behind the opponent for a surprise attack then grabs the head with two of his arms and does a knee-smash a plenty of times all in 1 second (i meant the knee-smash part) and then combo-s the victim in 5 seconds. total time used in thia attack is max 10 seconds.

Speedness Kamikaze: Kamikaze's the opponent at full speed, getting faster each hit ONLY FOR THIS ATTACK. this ability can be stacked. and takes little energy but still leaves Vesperia heavy-breathing.

Rejisutansu za pawā (Resist The Power): does a hand sign; the thumb and the ring finger forms a circle, middle finger goes behind the pointy finger and the little finger shows inside that circle. once the hand sign is form one by one (circle first, middle finger and pointy finger second and the little finger last, each has a 1 second gap.), Vesperia points his hand to the opponent and hits the opponent at blitz speed and then he can form a punch sign 3 seconds later while the opponent is stuned and paralzed by the power. after about a second later, he punches the opponent (no going back, just further) and upon hit, the force blasts the heck outta the opponent.



ok, back to the normal characters.






Void/Hate: one of the strongest and most tactical characters in Hatebound. has beef with Anti-Void/Shine as they were fighting for like 10 years.

ABILITIES:

Void Arena: summons a dark arena full of hate and negative thoughts as thats what Void/Hate is.

Hate Consume: releases a small wave of hate that consumes the victim. the wave of hate sticks to the victim and the victim is unable to move. Void/Hate then can decide to consume the victim by hand or just leave it as a hole to an eternal prison of negative thoughts.

Hate Wave: releases a big wave of spreading hate to the floor that when touched a Hate, you slowly get consumed by the hate wave unless someone with more hopeful thoughts than negative thoughts blasts the hate away, the most recommended person to help you is Anti-Void/Shine.

Negative Full Complete Domain: summons a full complete version of Void Arena thus trapping both the user and the opponent at the "Domain". the effects still work, no buffs except the domain or nerfs. both people can clash at the domain or just domain clash with the full complete domain of the opponent. this also goes for the puppet bodies.







Anti-Void/Shine: one of the strongest and most tactical characters in Hatebound but not stronger than the Void/Hate since protecting is always harder than destroying. has beef with Void/Hate as they were fighting for like 10 years.

ABILITIES:


Light Arena: summons a light arena full of hope as thats what Anti-Void/Anti-Hate/Shine presents. 

Afterimage Delaying: this is very useful for combos that are planned. my favorite is the Criss-Cross drainer combo. it delays an attack of the user, thus making an alternate stopped version of the user. the user can then teleport anywhere near and use the ability again. when the ability is released, the alternate version that was stopped will continue with the same goal, same speed, same strength. the alternate versions (after released) lasts 3 seconds. this also goes for abilities, not physical blows.

Arena Ability Shattering: breaks the effect of the arena doing to the user, such as the effects of Void/Hate's consumption ability slowly consuming Anti-Void/Shine.

Physical Body: is able to make his body become a physical body for hangouts and stuff but doesnt last long since Void/Hate is always searching for him. 

Positive Full Complete Domain: summons a full complete version of Light Arena thus trapping both the user and the opponent at the "Domain". the effects still work, no buffs except the domain or nerfs. both people can clash at the domain or just domain clash with the full complete domain of the opponent. this also goes for the puppet bodies.






BOTH OF THE VOID BEEFERS: these dont age as they arent human. these are connected to the blocks. Shine obviously connected to Anti-Void block and Hate connected to the Void block. if one block is absorbed, the anomaly connected to it will be under the control of that person which absorbed the block, kind of an infinite usable very strong minion. if both blocks are absorbed by the same person, in the favor of the person who absorbed both, can either mix them both up to one single body for much more power but sacrificing the use of the blocks till the user seperates and releases the bodies or just release them but it sacrifices the use of the block connected to the used body/bodies till the user releases the body/bodies. the arenas can clash and the users need to attack the opponent and whoever wins will be able to expand their arena alongside the opponent.






Guinwah: Mid-late series character, lives in abandoned mineshafts as he likes loneliness.

Code Steal: can store codes into his mind

Code Implication: implies stolen codes

Code Inspect: takes a very closer look at codes and can then mix other inspected codes with the code.

Instance.new(): can create stuff out of thin air and unlike Code Implication, he can just do Instance.new() and select position & scale and boom, Instance.New() done.

Code Necromancy: can bring back dead bodies as comrades and imbues them with codes.

Bad Code Throw: throws codes that gives disadvantages (for example: game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character:FindFirstChild("Humanoid").WalkSpeed = 5) to the opponent. this lasts shorter the more op the code is. the codes are visible so the opponent can Dodge but Guinwah can also melee this attack so more confident landing.

Fun Destruction: as guinwah uses this, he starts going crazy and says stuff about feeling fun, such as "IM FEELING SO MUCH FUN!". once guinwah uses this trump card when hes low on energy for a final blow. he takes lesser damage, feels like a puppet, stronger punches and stronger codes. then he can use his area-of-effect (his area of effect looks like an unfinished domain expansion but it isnt a domain expansion, think of it as a White cylinder cage that has half-invisible bottom and invisible left, right, back, front and top.). no matter what the opponent tries, he cant go outside of the area-of-effect (NOT AOE, JUST AN AREA THAT THE EFFECT GOES ON.), they can see the outside but as soon as a person except the user takes a step on the area-of-effect, they cant get out. if someone has half body inside half body outside, they cant go back, they can only go inside more until they are fully inside the area of effect. in the area of effect, slightly bad codes spark from the bottom, affecting everyone except the user. its guaranteed hits are ofc the slightly bad codes. if the opponent attacks the user, the user will probably feel slight damage, unless the attack is very heavy. but since bad codes can maybe give slow speed (even to the brain), the user can just counter the attack or just move to the side and watch the opponent throw a very heavy punch to... the air. if the opponent tries to break the area of effect, they will just slowly get their humanoid codes inspected. anyway, back to the attacks of the user. since the user doesnt feel like himself thus feeling less emotions, the user can brutally kill the opponent or just heavily damage the opponent (E. Onyxia)



King's Right Arm (Hallow): i mean what do i need to tell here.

Strength: x50's the normal human strength.

Speed: Unimaginary


ABLILITIES

The Error Sun: Distorts vision slightly, hurts eye cuz its shining instead of dark, eye relaxing. instead of giving the user boost, it RNG's the opponent(s) strength and speed from their own power to 0. (example: if opponent strength: 50, the opponent gets a rng strength from 0 to 50.) can only be used in domains, that includes others.

Fast Dodge: when used right before a punch lands, next upcoming barrage or combos will easily be dodged. lasts 5 seconds.

Reversal: if projectile: when dodged, Hallow can grab the projectile and throw it away or to an opponent ("Hey.", "Is this yours?"). if a physical punch: if dodged, Hallow can grab his arm (where the attack is from) and reverse where the arm is facing thus, hurting the user instead of Hallow. ("Was that supposed to go to me?", "Sorry, it goes to YOU now.")

REALITY ERROR: a complete visible version of Area Of Effect. it breaks reality itself in the Area Of Effect thus the user being able to do stuff outside of reality itself (example: tight-caging the opponent like E. Onyxia, creating a place of nightmares, the opponent being dragged by nothing, the opponent phasing thru the floor, if weak: getting absorbed by hate) of course, its natural enemy is Catlover since Catlover can just disobey the domain's rules with The Red Sun. if The Red Sun and The Error Sun is laid at the same time, those who have more agiliy and health. though Hallow cant win forever. Catlover can attack the opponent while the suns are clashing. if the opponent or the user gets weakened and gives up, the other's sun will take over.

Void Artifact: it creates a circle of pure void sending spike shape of void reaching to consume everyone in sight and then the void artifact sucks the spike of void back. if the opponent is strong, it can fight the void spike. if people were consumed by the artifact earlier, Hallow can bring the people consumed by void back to reality to attack people while being controlled by the void.

Veil: lays a veil so no one except Hallow and selected people can get out. ("Emerge from darkness, darker than darkness", "Purify that which is impure.")

Chains Of Weight: when Hallow decides its time to spank, he grab chain of his and the chain surprisingly grows longer the more its thrown and grows shorter once the chain comes back as Hallow (example: Hallow how sideway-move chain to the opponents, the further the longer but when chain gets dragged back to where its other end was, it grows shorter so the other end of the chain doesnt move away from Hallow.) but this can be altered by Hallow taking his chains off and the chain can extend in both ways whenever Hallow wants. this can be better by Hallow crafting the extending end of the chain into something.

Hate Veil Trap (Domain that the user isnt in): creates a domain that has guaranteed kill (overtime, the barrier gets smaller till its nothing and then grows back to a palm-sized orb that Hallow can absorb.) BUT the victim can escape by rush-critical hitting the domain from the inside as in return, it cant be broken from the outside. even if the user is outside, the user can create a portal that opens to specifically the user and no one else can enter, not even the allies. the user (no matter if hes inside or not) can choose where the hate veil trap is going once it is complete and if the user is inside, the hate veil trap can open and create an opening for the user AND the selected people. this can be used in kidnapping or just escaping with the victim and absorbing the victim later. GETO SUGURU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hunt: Hallow runs at 200 mph (basically runs three times the normal run speed) with very weak, colored void tools (on purpose) to mimic tools made by humans (usually gun and etc.). Hallow usually does this for fun instead of finishing them with strong void tools and also knowing Catlover can dodge since Catlover knows the stronger the void the slower it is.

Chains Off, Lighter Work: gets chains off so he feels lesser weight and moves more freely. synergies with some moves.



King: a giant mech user that has the reckless power to make the team say "What overwhelming power in only a figure!" (the mech also has a mode that only King can switch mech into. the mode grants the mech an ability to move by itself but in King's favor.)

Strength: in the description of King

Speed: as overwhelming as strength

Mech Strength: king strength/5

Mech Speed: strength/5


Abilities

Pillar Of Dark: summons a portal that in about a second, shoots out a void beam that turns any living thing or their part into a ball that King can consume and gain power but keep in mind; if those who arent from the void clan tries to hold it, they get sucked into the ball too.

Black Hole: summon an infinite mass part that sucks anyone whos not from void clan inside that is in 250 studs radius but black hole ability doesnt have the effects of slow time when getting sucked in but faster in others eyes OR eating those sucked. instead, it squeezes the sucked people at the center of the black hole infinitely until they are in a place called Void (yes, IN and not ON.) the progress of this takes about 30 seconds while blackhole stays for 90 seconds.

Bring From The Void (BFTV): summons a void ball that brings the selected people who were sucked into the Void back to the surface but in a brainwashed form (King can choose if the brain will stay normal or not on the surface) to either fight with King or just gift or hold hostage OR just threathen. King can also merge them to make a greater foe.

Mech As A Ball: King changes the size of the mech to a normal person's size and turns him into a ball TEMPORARILY (that makes it stronger) and then uses it to fight and throw. KING CANT MAKE THE MECH BIGGER THAN ITS ORIGINAL SIZE.

unfinished i guess


Fulmen: The Lightning User (has mastered it)

Strength: enough to make a fighter like Catlover Wind rotate his head on hitting Catlover's head with fist

Lightning Boosted Strength: enough to make a fighter like Hallow take a good damage and knockback

Speed: x15 times normal human maximum

Lightning Boosted Speed: x40 times normal human maximum

Information: wears black pants (or black shorts, based on the tempature or mood) and black male sweaters, dark-purple open front jacket with no hoodies. has normal skin color (peach) and is a chill dude that attacks anyone (and i mean ANYONE) that attacks him or his friends if once or accident, he forgives or warns but if repeated, then he doesnt forgive. is 6'11" and uses Thunder Rope alongside with Electric Katana. he loves popcorn and chocolate alongside with lemon or blue raspberry ice cream.

ABILITIES:

Kinetic Orb: summons a kinetic, lightning-energy filled orb for whatever use.

Lightning Strike: charges up a full energy of the lightning around his fist for 15 seconds and strikes the enemy with it. very good for a start-up after a chat (you charge up in the chat break). so powerful that it can paralyze anyone hat gets hit by it for 10-120 seconds based on their durability of lightning.

Lightning Barrage Of Bodying: uses lightning boost and blitz towards the enemy and damage the enemy, only to do it again and again. each paralyzing the opponent long enough for the next blow. NOTE: the brain still functions so the enemy can find a millisecond opening to fully harden their body and deflect it.

Sharp Electricity: puts hit palm on to somewhere and creates a zig-zag electricity path that crushes the object that the line is around. like if the electricity line touches something, that touched line part will have 2 studs Radius of force.

Thunder Burn: makes a hand symbol can be anything but the pointy finger MUST aim at the opponent) and then applies a small thunder from the pointy finger to the opponent that doesnt harm by itself but causes a burn or some fire that hurts afterwards. "Bang."

Kinetic Absorption: puts both arms forward and both hands glued to each other (no effects by the way, just for the looks) and applies a long-lasting lighning right from the palms of the hands to the coming energy from a projectile. the lightning absorbs the energy coming from that projectile, sometimes even changing the trajectory of the projectile.




more incoming (this just is loyal, in hatebound ranking he has been able to use these abilities (UNMASTERED) for like 3 years or so. he mastered it recently and a mastered person gotta have some abilities)
